[clang-tidy]fix false positives of the result of std::move() is used as rvalue for performance-move-const-arg (#95633)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Improved :doc:`modernize-use-using <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-using>`
  check by adding support for detection of typedefs declared on function level.

> - Improved :doc:`performance-move-const-arg
>   <clang-tidy/checks/performance/move-const-arg>` check ignoring the result
>   of ``std::move()`` is used as rvalue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved :doc:`performance-move-const-arg
  <clang-tidy/checks/performance/move-const-arg>` check by ignoring
  ``std::move()`` calls when their target is used as an rvalue.
```
